I couldn’t believe that if anybody had been
attending the event, that they would’ve thought
anything was wrong or bad. So, I was just like,
“Well, if they were here and they saw everything,
then they knew that we were having just a nice
time. Nobody was messy, and nobody was mean,
and everybody was in a great mood.” Couldn’t they
have told them that? Like, how nice we all were,
and what a great time we were having, and how
everyone was being really safe and nice and
consensual with each other?
Police are going tobe a certain
kind of witness on the stand. And
they’re always going to tell a story from their
law enforcement perspective and they, of course,
never think that they do anything wrong. So,
they’re just telling the story from their
perspective. So, nothing about that particularly
surprised me. The thing is, I think judges hear
this stuff all the time, right? Like, judges...
they are accustomed to hearing two stories
about the same event that could not be more
different. There’s nothing unusual about that,
right? It’s often hard to reconcile that you
are both telling a story about the same event,
but your narrative could not be more different.